Exhale. Hands to your heart.
Lock your sing. So we always start off
with doing some pranayyama, some breath
work, and then we move on to do a little
more warm-ups, you know, just some
gentle stretching. And then sometimes we
come up to some some standing postures,
um some balancing, and other times we
stay on the floor the whole time. So it
just kind of varies. And then the class
always ends with a nice, it's called a
shiovasta. It's a meditation period at
the end of class.
I was a patient at the cancer center at
Southshore Hospital and my primary care
said that I needed to fix my range of
motion. So she said I needed a yoga
class, but she said, "Jane, they're not
all created equal." I was pretty nervous
about starting it and um because I could
barely bend over and had no movement in
my arms and things like that. So, um
Nancy took it very slowly.
You physically can do more. So being
sick with especially people with a
chronic illness, it gets very
depressing. Like you you're just very
much weary of your limitations and you
come to yoga class like this and we try
to accentuate accentuate the the
positive things you can do, not think
about the limitations. Like just really
be in your body and be here right now.
Be accepting of of where you're at and
just be okay with that. Just be grateful
that you could show up on the mat. And
if the the if in that particular posture
the only thing you can really do is
breathe, that's awesome because that's
the only requirement is just to breathe.